Welcome back. Right now,
we're two projects into the term with two more to go.
So far, you've mainly learned about basic and advanced techniques in
natural language processing that you can use
to generate alpha signals from alternative data.
Now we're going to switch gears a little bit and think about
combining several alpha signals together to build a portfolio.
We did this before in the multi-factor models project,
but then we just combined alpha signals and
a robust but fairly simple linear way by averaging them.
In this project, we're going to combine the alpha factors in
a much smarter non-linear way using machine learning to help us.
I'm especially excited about the next set of lessons and project,
not only because they were designed by
Jonathan Larkin but also because they will teach you one way to
apply AI in a finance context in a manner that suits the strengths of the algorithm,
avoids overfitting and aligns with industry practice.